[docs] Add docs for positionTry API (#1058)
facebook/stylex: packages/docs/docs/api/javascript/positionTry.mdx

---
# Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.
#
# This source code is licensed under the MIT license found in the
# LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
sidebar_position: 6
---

# `stylex.positionTry`

Creates a [`@position-try`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@position-try) rule used to define a custom position-try fallback option, which can be used to define positioning and alignment for anchor-positioned elements. One or more sets of position-try fallback options can be applied to the anchored element via the `positionTryFallbacks` property.

```ts
function positionTry(descriptors: {[key: string]: RawStyles}): string;
```

The only properties allowed in a `positionTry` call are `positionAnchor`, `positionArea`, inset properties (`top`, `left`, `insetInline`, etc.), margin properties, size properties (`height`, `inlineSize`, etc.), and self-alignment properties (`alignSelf`, `justifySelf`, `placeSelf`).

> You must declare your position-try rules in the same file as where you use them. Duplicate declarations will be deduplicated in the generated CSS output.

Reviewer: I think this is a copy-over from the wording in keyframes, but it feels misleading because later we give an example where you export them with `defineVars`

Author: Yeah that seems to be a workaround for not being able to export them directly. Fine for now IMO

### Example use:

```tsx
import * as stylex from '@stylexjs/stylex';

const fallback = stylex.positionTry({
  positionAnchor: '--anchor',
  top: '0',
  left: '0',
  width: '100px',
  height: '100px'
});

const styles = stylex.create({
  anchor: {
    positionTryFallbacks: fallback,
  },
});
```

> To use `positionTry` return values in a separate file, you can use `defineVars` to hold animation names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `positionTry` return values in a separate file, you can use `defineVars` to hold position fallback values:
```
